Documentation for setting up and moving to the remaining marketplaces (#1901)
aiven/devportal: docs/platform/howto/move-to-aws-marketplace-billing.rst

Move from Aiven direct billing to AWS Marketplace
=================================================

> Aiven makes its services available through the AWS Marketplace.  If you already have some services running in a project which is billed directly through Aiven but you would like to move to an AWS Marketplace subscription without disrupting your services, this article shows the steps needed to gather the relevant information and submit the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aiven makes its services available through the AWS Marketplace. If you already have some services running in a project which is billed directly through Aiven but you would like to move to an AWS Marketplace subscription without disrupting your services, this article shows the steps needed to gather the relevant information and submit the request.
```

> Create a new account using an AWS Marketplace subscription

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up an AWS Marketplace subscription for Aiven
```

Reviewer: Rewording this as we are moving away from using the term "account".

----------------------------------------------------------

> Follow the steps to :doc:`set up AWS Marketplace for Aiven Services <billing-aws-marketplace-subscription>`.  This will create a new Aiven organization, which is where your project will be moved to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps to :doc:`set up AWS Marketplace for Aiven services <billing-aws-marketplace-subscription>`.  This will create a new Aiven organization, which is where your projects will be moved to.
```

Gather the required information
-------------------------------

> Aiven will need some information from both your existing and new subscriptions in order to perform the migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aiven will need some information from both your existing user account and your new subscription in order to perform the migration.
```

> **From your existing Aiven account:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**From your existing Aiven user account:**
```

> * The name of the Aiven project (or projects) that contain the services you wish to move. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The name of the Aiven projects that have the services you wish to move. 
```

**From your new Aiven organization with the AWS marketplace subscription:**

> * Your new Aiven organization name, as shown at the top right of the `Aiven AWS console <https://console.aws.aiven.io/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The name of the new organization.
```
